[logging] Add pinterest/singer to the logging section (#5)
streamnative/awesome-pulsar: README.md

- [logstash-input-pulsar](https://github.com/se7enkings/logstash-input-pulsar): A logstash input that receives data from Pulsar.
- [pulsar-beat-output](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-beat-output): [Elastic Beats](https://github.com/elastic/beats) to Apache Pulsar.
- [pulsar-flume-ng-sink](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-flume-ng-sink): An [Apache Flume](https://github.com/apache/flume) Sink implementation to publish data to Pulsar.

> - [pinterest/singer](https://github.com/pinterest/singer): A high-performance, reliable and extensible logging agent for uploading data to Kafka, Pulsar, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [pinterest/singer](https://github.com/pinterest/singer): A high-performance, reliable and extensible logging agent for uploading data to Kafka and Pulsar.
```

Reviewer: Or may be you can use "Kafka or Pulsar".

Author: @Jennifer88huang I just copied the description from the project itself - https://github.com/pinterest/singer . I am not sure we should change it to "and" or "or". Neither sounds correct to me. I think the description was meant to say it can upload the log data to many other similar systems like Pulsar and Kafka.

> - [pinterest/singer](https://github.com/pinterest/singer): A high-performance, reliable and extensible logging agent for uploading data to Kafka, Pulsar, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [pinterest/singer](https://github.com/pinterest/singer): A high-performance, reliable and extensible logging agent for uploading data to Kafka, Pulsar and other similar systems.
```
